Somebody drag me out
Break your legs and push into the crematorium
Oh my god
So far, so far
So far, so far, hahaha, so far.
It has been processed.
Please forgive me, Mr. Li.
Offended Mr. Li, don't you know what to do?
Ah, I know.
I can cut off an arm by myself
Are you here for my wedding?
Yes, yes.
Since you are here to congratulate
Then I'll spare you this time
Mr. Xie Li
Hurry up and load
Wan Tianhao, the richest man in Yuncheng, congratulates Mr. Li on his wedding
Special gift Li Dan as follows value 5 billion
Qin Dynasty Jinke sword
Worth 3 billion Han Dynasty Preview One
A volume 1 billion Song Dynasty Military Books
A private aircraft worth 1 billion
Plus cash 10 billion
Please accept it quickly.
The Tang family has ruined their marriage
No, nothing else.
What Tang family ruined the marriage
Yes, high and mighty Miss Tang
think
I'm just a small vendor selling fried noodles
I don't think I deserve him
The bento broke my engagement with me
Let Li Dongjie be his groom
Pardon me?
He is going to marry Li Dongjie
What is Li Dongjie?
What the hell is going on with the richest man in the class?
Li Wushuang is just the one in my Li family who pisses me off
The Li family was still extremely disappointed in him
Why are you so afraid of him?
And helped him turn against me
Pardon me?
Mr. Li is your Li wife